John Hurtubise

I want to study Node Package vulnerabilities and the saftey concerns associated with using 3rd party packages.

I intend to present my work in a the form of a React Native app running on a simulator. Some of the pages will
contain contain text or video which explain the package vulnerability that I am exploring. Then such pages will
link to an example of the vulnerability being exploited. Here are some of the vulnerabilities I am looking at.

1. 'react-native-reanimated' versions < 2.10.0 Type of attack: Regular-Expression denial of service. 
	Older versions of this UI animations library used faulty regular exressions when parsing color
	string. This meant certian color strings would cause catastrophic backtracking (exponential work)
	causing CPU spikes and UI hangs

2. 'minimist' versions < 1.2.5 Type of attack: protype-polution flaw. This is a very common package used to 
	read command line arguments. This is a good example and many other downloaded packages use this package
	themselves. Meaning you may be unaware you even downloaded this package in the first place. Using this 
	package attackers could use the vulnerability to set global constructors and prototypes to a specific 
	value value. Eg. Objects.prototype.isAdmin = True. Allowing unintended use of the app. 

My goal would be to create an Expo Go app which showcases these vulnerabilities and the Node package environment. 
Using Expo Go everyone in the class would be able to run the app and interact with the vulnerabilities themselves.
Of course the vulnerabilities will not be harmful in this case. 

Deliverables would be as so:

1. Create the Expo Go app and impliment the react-native-reanmimated vulnerability. Because this is a native package
	I will simply reproduce the affected code and have a interactive page(s) which display the vulnerability.
2. Impliment the minimist vunlerability. I can use the minimist 1.2.5 version and have the real package used on 
	expo go as it is pure JS. Again provide pages to interactivly show the vulnerability.
3. Write pages explaining each vulnerabilitiy in depth.
4. Write supporting pages the explain the NPM package environment and why 3rd party package vulnerabilities are 
	important.
5. Write documentation such that classmates can quickly run the app and interact with the app (Expo go and --tunnel)
	functionality. 

